[Music]
ever fancied becoming a real-life spy or
maybe an astronaut or perhaps you want
to work for one of the biggest IT
corporations in the world then you've
got a chance to test your mettle and see
if you're witty enough for any of these
jobs the spy riddle British national
cybersecurity center or NCS a disclosed
a riddle for their potential high
profile employees some time ago if
you're able to solve it then your mental
abilities are enough for you to become a
cyber spot let's check it out shall we
the riddle goes as follows thirteen
rotters stole my answer and they rotated
it by 4 and then rotated it by 10 and
all I have left is well you can read
this for yourself can you help me get my
answer back everything this riddle is
right where it should be there are no
mistakes or typos so take your time and
try to solve it yourself don't be in a
hurry
just pause the video if you don't want
to see the answer right away and turn it
back on when you're ready to check
yourself I'll wait right here don't you
worry
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo so you're here again and I take
it as a cue to start my explanations but
first I'll give you a little hint the
riddle uses the so called Caesar cipher
which scrambles the letters in a certain
system you'll need to toss them around
kind of like a Caesar salad using the
alphabet that is each letter is shifted
to a number of positions back in the
alphabetical order for example if the
key is 5 then F will move 5 positions
down and become an A and so on got it
then why not try again if you didn't
manage to nail it on your first attempt
I'll wait here again
okay now the games are over and we're
heading straight to the solution so
listen up first
fetch the alphabet on the internet or
just write it out now look at the first
letter in the code message the riddle
says that the rotters rotated the number
by 4 so make it 4 positions down the
alphabet and you'll get cue then it says
they rotate it again this time by 10 so
without any complex ideas just count
down 10 more positions stopping at G
this is your final point for this letter
then do the same operation for each of
the letters and your coolest cucumbers
in the end you should get the following
phrase good luck to all cyber first
girls not that hard if you think about
it but only if you had the key from the
start if you didn't listen to my hint
and still managed it on your own you
deserve a double praise you definitely
do well in the cyber intelligence test
now the 13 rotters and the capitalized
letters are ot might have confused you
but they're simply a distraction it's a
reference to rot13
another cipher that switches letters
with those 13 positions up the alphabet
feeling good about yourself yet well it
gets better
here we go the astronaut riddle tim
peake a british astronaut posted a
puzzle on his Facebook page claiming it
was from the tests he had taken himself
when applying for a position in NASA
obviously he solved it but can you
repeat his feet let's find out imagine
you're facing a cube it can roll to the
left right forwards towards you or back
away from you on the bottom of the cube
there's a dot now roll the cube forward
left left forward right backwards right
where's the dot now again don't be in a
rush and pause the video to visualize
the whole thing carefully you're
applying for an astronaut for cake say
if you're hearing me now then you
probably solve the puzzle or are just
waiting for the correct answer either
way here it is the cube will end up in
exactly the same position it started
from so the dot will be on the bottom
check it out for yourself if you don't
believe me okay
ready for some other kind of mind
bending here goes the Facebook interview
riddle if you've ever wanted to work for
the social media giant check out the
question they used to ask their
candidates at an interview would you be
able to pass the test you're about to
board a plane to Seattle and you'd like
to know if it's raining there you call
three friends from the city and ask
about the weather each of them has a
two-thirds chance of telling you the
truth and one-third chance of lying to
mess with you all three of them tell you
that it's raining though what is the
chance that it's actually raining
they're considering that neither of the
three knows the others it's more of a
mathematical problem but it's how
Facebook tests their future employees so
turn on your math brain
[Music]
ready then I'm going forth with the
answer you could guess all you like
about the odds but the easiest way to
find them out for sure is to add them up
suppose all three friends lie dear the
probability of that will be 127 that is
one-third multiplied by 3 that will be
the chance of it not raining in Seattle
because all of your friends told you it
was so the probability of it actually
raining is 26 27 or 96% and it could
only happen if at least one of them told
you the truth so did you get this one
right let me know down in the comments
and next up is the Google interview
riddle if your brain is ringing from all
the math stuff relax
this one doesn't have to do with any
calculations but it doesn't mean it's
simple so listen up why are manhole
covers round if you can give the answer
right away then just continue watching
this video ready to check your guess
good they're round for two reasons first
and foremost a round manhole cover will
never fall into the hole whatever side
you put it down and secondly it's easier
to roll to the side but even if you only
guessed the first part
you've already landed the job at Google
Congrats going on to the next one the
Apple interview riddle now this puzzle
is going to blow your mind but don't get
too rough on yourself after all it's not
like you're gonna really get the job at
Apple after solving it right anyway
here's the deal there's a table with 100
coins lying on it ten of the coins are
heads up while the rest of them are
tails up you only know though but can't
see feel or find out in any other way
which ones are flipped your task is to
split the coins into two piles so that
there's the same number of flipped coins
in either pile remember you have all the
time in the world if you just pause the
video to think
doo-doo-doo-doo so did you get it even
if not I'm going to explain this to you
you know why it's mind-blowing
because it's so simple you won't believe
it you just need to take any 10 coins
from the table and I mean any make a
separate pile of them and flip them
that's it you've solved the puzzle it
doesn't matter if there's one or two
heads of coins in your second pile or
not in fact it doesn't matter which
coins you chose in the first place if
you take them from the initial hundred
and flip them you'll get two piles with
the same number of heads up coins in
both no exceptions want to check it out
for yourself just drive if you finished
experimenting then there's the last
riddle waiting for you ready the
LinkedIn interview riddle this one is
probably the most difficult and I don't
expect that you'll give the correct
answer you've been warned so the
question is how many golf balls will fit
into a Boeing 747 do you know the
solution if you need time to think you
know what to do and if you don't need or
won any time here I understand you
perfectly
it seems simply unfair to ask such a
question and it actually isn't you see
if you're asked something like this at a
job interview there's a catch the hiring
manager doesn't expect you to give a
definitive answer in fact they might not
know it themselves what they need is to
see your brain at work so if you will
eventually find a solution make sure to
share it in the comments with all the
reasoning and calculations behind it
after all they're the most valuable
asset in this desk well if you learn
something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life